---
layout: post
title: Whats Going On
description: "Update!"
tags:
  - Update
  - Travel 
  - Art Festival 
  - Ranty 
comments: false
---

Okay so a lot has happened since early May (when I did my last post and then fell off the face of the earth). Ok, so here's what happened. I went to New York City with my school class. After that mini trip, I had the AP exam and just got my scores back from that last week. I got a 5 :) So, all of that nonsense is taken care of. After school ended, I went to Heredia, Costa Rica with a few friends of mine in our class for a Spanish culture and language immersion program. Well, on the bright side I now am fully confident that I could last in a Spanish-speaking country for two weeks without really being able to understand everyone. A sad note of that trip is that it kinda took place at a point in my life where I detested photography, swearing it off while wanting to be an architect. That didn't really last, hence why I'm still here with a photography portfolio desperately trying to get work.
So speed up to two weeks ago. I was showing at the Corn Hill Arts Festival under the Emerging Artists section. My art teacher had recommended my entry in the contest because of my interest in the clothesline festival, but I turned away from the festival for its $300 entrance fee. The Emerging artists section of the Corn Hill Arts Festival is reserved for new artists ages 16-25 not working fully in the professional world. On the bright side, there were 21 or so spots for artists to enter and I got in. Wahoo! I was also one of two high school students. Everyone thought I was in college because of my work, but oh well. I can't tell if that's a good thing or a bad thing or just a thing. I got a lot of good feedback from the festival, and to be honest the first day was terrible. I sold one print and I didn't want to come back the second day and waste another day there that could be used productively. Yet I did come back the next day and sold six prints in total for the day. Four of the six went to Alaska and NYC, which is a really cool feeling.
The man who bought the prints and brought them back to his home in NYC was really funny. He worked in the performing arts field and gave me some helpful advice on being in such a competitive area of work. He also shared a story with me of a photographer friend of his who was in a similar position as me starting out, but ended up taking his work to Paris and working all over the world which is super cool. Sadly, the man in the story died of a stroke I believe, I can't remember exactly. But what I found slightly ironic was that the man purchasing the prints was one of the photographer's first models. He bought the prints that I did of Zach Brown with the flour falling over his head, which was one of my first models. Hopefully, I don't die of a stroke in my mid-thirties, but I do hope that I can one day say that my work has gone as far as that man's work.   
Ok, fast-forward to right now. Well, this weekend. This weekend I'm at a cottage on Sodus Point in New York that my family rented. It's pretty fun, my little siblings are running around like crazy people, and I got to build a fire last night which is a bonus. If you haven't noticed, I also took the time to redo my website and get that into a more manageable state. I've now transitioned into looking at my blog and seeing what I can do there to make it a bit more appealing and readable. So, If you are reading this and have a comment or want to see something, there is a place for that down below so go do that... but finish reading first. So yes, re-did the website and started looking at the blog. I'm not sure ill be able to keep up with the Daily Create blogs anymore as life gets busy, but I am going to try. Ok, that brings us to what I'm planning, and I've got big plans. 
Ok so here is the plan- I really don't have a plan but I'm going to flush out all of the things that I want to do right now on this blog, and maybe a plan will come from that. So, my girlfriend's mom has a friend who owns a photo studio, so I'm really hoping to get into that studio and be able to work with her as a model, as well as some others. I'm trying to get away from using friends as models since it creates a level of awkward between me and the model. Also, as my work progresses in the direction that it has, the level of awkward in using friends as models is more than I want to deal with. So, If I can get into that studio and find some models that aren't my friends that would be nice. As far as work goes, I want to progress more in the vein of body work and more (for lack of a better term) photographic figure studies. As far as projects go, I want to do another flour photoshoot with a few different models, as well as experiment with paint and layering the body in different materials, working with the body as a figure and a form with emotion and feelings within itself over a person who has a thought process. I want the photos in this vein to have a more instinctual biological intent than anything else. Obviously, it's something I think about even before I take the photo, but I still think it's early in the project to have these higher level thoughts about how my work is being perceived in society, and I want my work to take a more forgiving approach to how society perceives the body and accepts people for who they are in their own skin. I think that that is a problem that we have in our society, and I believe that everyone is guilty of it in some sense, but especially those who shy away from accepting people for the amount of skin that they show and their body and their level of comfort. A lot of this  does end up going back to equality between men and women and the differences, or the lack of differences between our bodies. It is acceptable for men to be able to show their chest in public but not women, in which case it is considered shameful. In the turn of events recently in all parts of the world, especially the United States, I am an advocate for equality within all groups. The pessimistic side of me want to say that because of human nature and greed that that will never happen (which is the more realistic thought), but for a second I would like to believe that at one point in time all groups and minorities (there are far too many to list here) can live together without violence and without hate between the groups. I think that the northern European countries are on the right track towards a "better" world for the human population, and there are many factors that need to be taken into account when thinking about a better place, those being social constructs, environmental concerns and the stance of political leadership on what becomes of the world, whatever shape that takes on. 
Well that was a tangent, I'm calling it there see you soon :) 