---
layout: post
title: Hello Again
description: "Just Another Update"
tags:
  - Reflecting
  - Ranty  
comments: false
---

I'm really bad at coming up with blog names, suffer through it with me till I learn to be more creative with my naming. A lot has happened since the last time I wrote. The last time I wrote, I was standing on a fence where I would take my digital cameras and my film cameras on shoots together. My digital camera would come out to meter the light and never go back. This was my habit. I would not put the digital camera down to pick up the film camera to actually get what I wanted out of the shot. I recently did two mini photo shoots using film and only film. I think, as photographers, we get caught up in the gear that we use, film vs digital, Nikon vs Cannon and 70-200 f/2.8 VRII vs cheap 50mm f/1.8 prime ( I know not all primes are cheap but as an example, comparing it to the 70-200, on average they come out far below that price). None of that matters. I do remember being that photographer that had nothing. I was shooting with a school camera that I permanently had on loan for the year, and that was the camera that I used. It was a Cannon EOS Rebel XT and a CF card that was under 1Gb. I finally got so frustrated with that camera. I would look at people whom at the time I thought were "good photographers" and they had the fancy Nikon gear at the time, or Cannon fast lenses, all digital things at the time. This was before the burst of "film" (I quote because it got popular in presets and photoshop actions not real film) being cool again. I was talking to my grandmother over Facebook about it and she said she had an old film camera that was kicking around that nobody wanted it. She said that if I wanted it to shoot something besides that Cannon Rebel and to try shooting film, she would ship it to me (She lived in Tennessee at the time I believe). The box arrived. I furiously opened it to see a Pentax K1000. What I didn't know at the time was that I would learn to love that camera and run it till the light leaks on the film rendered the film useless. I looked the camera over- its silver body and dirt simple, it had fewer dials and knobs then the camera that I had at the time (the Rebel XT), which happened to be on the table next to me at the time of opening. In my head, I started comparing the bodies. The Pentax was hard and heavy, focus ring quite stiff (after I loosened it up it was so smooth), the film advance lever felt hard and mechanical and strong. I grew up shooting guns with my father. I made the comparison of a camera to a well-maintained rifle- it felt amazing (now thinking about it I wonder what an M6 would feel like....). Needless to say, I loved that camera at first sight (forgive me for the cliche phrase). I went to the photo store up the street, which surprisingly still had film even though everyone thought that film was the worst thing in the world. I got a box of this generic fuji color c-41 nonsense film and shot whatever 4 rolls I had. Here is what I shot looking back a few years later was worth pulling from the four rolls. 


This is what I thought was interesting at the time and "worthy" of taking a Film photograph of (OOOOoooooooo) like it was something special that the photograph was on film. I haven't shot color film since then (because my cheap self won't go pay to get it developed......). Through these images, I found that I could do something that I hadn't been able to do before. These images allowed me to express what I wanted and forced myself to think about every shot that I take, because a roll of 36 shots for someone transitioning off of digital is not that many (now after shooting a 4x5 Graflex it feels like the roll of 36 won't ever end). Looking at these images, they prove to have more emotion in them than I feel (thinking back) I was capable of at the time. The photograph of my step-sister resting on my stepdad's back after a long walk frames a state that I don't think I would have thought to capture on digital (this was also before I became obsessed with photographing people. I kinda just photographed whatever). I don't think the paper taped to the pole or the stacking doll really have any significance as photographs, they just exist. The sunset and the religious statue seem to have a bit more to them, but to be completely honest I don't like sunset photographs. But a critique of my first images on film is not the point. I think that these images showed me something about photography, especially the one of my sister and her father. These images showed me that photography is not about the camera or the max or min aperture of your lens. It's about being able to use your box to make something. Furthering that idea, it is about making something and then using your box to save that moment. I think too many people are obsessed with making something with the box. No. You are making something with your subject, and capturing it with the box.
I liked this blog post and re-visiting the photography that I have done in the past, as a way to reflect on the work that I have done and to see progress in my work.
